I mean is there a rule if somebody loves
you more than you can love them are you
are you obliged is there a moral
obligation for you to break up with a
person I don't think that was ever
covered by Aristotle or Plato or any of
the philosophers you've talked about you
know love and relations between the
sexes
I worried mikkel friend was gonna leave
me vegans
[Music]
I worried my girlfriend was gonna leave
me because we met his vegans she got
with me because we're vegan like we that
was our thing
yeah live our lives as vegans she broke
dives fish been crazy you have
no idea you have no idea you have no
idea been the worst month of my life and
yeah it's times like this that I gotta
ask myself is this why we invented the
internet is this why Al Gore invented
the internet is this why some group of
brilliant software engineers sat down
and made all this possible for us to
share each other's lives and share each
other's misery
and on some level I think we all know
the answer is yes and on some level we
may lament that this is the aspect of
human nature that you know technology
amplifies
[Music]